{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green128\blue18;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 StonerView history\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 ________________________________________________________\
\
1.0.0 -  Sep 30, 2001\
 - first release\
\
1.0.1 -  Oct 1, 2001\
 - changing prefs only affected test and preview, not "normal" screensaver mode (Tnx to Martin-Luc Girard for the bug report). Fixed. \
\
1.0.2 -  Dec. 30, 2001\
 - added Internet version checking.\
 - recompiled with latest DevTools.\
 - removed debugging symbols (much smaller saver size)\
\
1.1.0 -  Jan. 5, 2002\
 - added speed pref.\
 - added shape-change option.\
\
1.2.0 -  Feb. 10, 2002\
 - more shapes\
 - antialias.\
 - transparency.\
\
1.3.0 -  Feb. 3, 2003\
 - circle shape\
 - display lists (some more speed)\
 - French and Italian localization\
 - Main monitor only option\
 - minor internal changes\
\
1.3.1 -  Feb. 3, 2003\
 - unable to select torus mode bug fixed\
 - random shape mode added\
\
1.3.2 -  Feb. 8, 2003\
 - random shape wasn't random at all... fixed\
 - minor changes\
\
1.4.0 -  Feb. 22, 2003\
 - random shape now changes the shape from time to time. All the code provided by Andy Fyfe. Thanks, Andy !\
\
1.5.0 - Jul. 10, 2007\
- All changes by Alexander von Below\
- Converted the project file to Xcode\
- Replaced the legacy target\
- Building universal now\
- Fixed preference handling\
- Version number is now actually read from bundle \
- When building a deployment configuration, a dmg will automatically be created in /tmp\
\
1.5.1 - Mar. 24, 2011\
- Updated to run on MacOS 10.6 (or later, but not earlier)\
}